KOGITO-5708 update release notes and add doc regarding keycloak client config (#3841)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/chap-kogito-release-notes.adoc

* Management Console user interface for viewing the state of all available {PRODUCT} services and managing process instances
* Task Console user interface for viewing and interacting with user tasks in {PRODUCT} process services.
* Audit Investigation Console user interface for monitoring and investigating Decision Model and Notation (DMN) model executions in {PRODUCT}.

> * The graphql endpoint url now requires the entire path, including */graphql* . For instance http://host-name:port-number/graphql

Reviewer: @AjayJagan this content should probably be moved into this section https://github.com/kiegroup/kie-docs/pull/3841/files#diff-b09724e6a9c8041a227df2397d332d941da0c3296d50bc80d6d90f7e32094b8fL120

 I would also add as title: _Breaking change on {PRODUCT} Management and Task consoles_

Please also mention the actual property where that users need to change

quarkus.datasource.password=kogito-pass
------

> ==== Breaking change on {PRODUCT} Management and Task consoles

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Breaking change on {PRODUCT} Management and Task Consoles
```

Author: This looks good :)

> The graphql endpoint url now requires the entire path, including */graphql* . For instance http://host-name:port-number/graphql. The url can be passed in as environment variable - `kogito.dataindex.http.url` to the quarkus app or image.

Reviewer 3: You should also mention the properties change for the security, mentioning that now the authentication is done on the UI side and no more on other and mention which are the new properties to set

> The graphql endpoint url now requires the entire path, including */graphql* . For instance http://host-name:port-number/graphql. The url can be passed in as environment variable - `kogito.dataindex.http.url` to the quarkus app or image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The GraphQL endpoint URL now requires the entire path, for example, `http://host-name:port-number/graphql`. You can pass the URL as an environment variable `kogito.dataindex.http.url` to the Quarkus application or image.
```

Author: this looks good :)
